Rename Groundwater flow to SteadyStateDiffusion (#2860)
ufz/ogs: Documentation/ProjectFile/prj/processes/process/ELLIPTIC_PROCESS/process_variables/t_process_variable.md

> The process variable for the elliptic process could be for instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scalar process variable for the elliptic process, for example
```
